hello everyone ends up in
this new video to make you these
two small rings fish glue based
of resin for that I used a mold
world
I do not know what it's called
and a ring holder
these tools there the same as usual to
each time translucent pasta so
there I took the white and orange and al
anwar basel to normal and then he
there are plenty of little paws so the
granite from the gray of the sarraz
chocolate is a mix of green that I have
made
how did it start with the little fish
we will mix the translucent colors
with the dejection mix but not too much
even though the colors are
parents are not that they
melt in the mass I did not pass
very clear what I say no it was necessary
we're still kicking
three colours
and since I have some explanations
twisted I prefer to let you look
how to make the little fish that will be
maybe healthier than my little blah
who says nothing
Oh
he
all
e
so I'm doing exactly the same thing
fish for the second wave
all
that's what it gives for the moment and
now we're going to decorate
resumes some outputs we can call
that way I'm going to use more
granby than anything else but after that it's
like you want
then enjoys full collapse
small pieces that we will roll after a
trick to make small stones I
remember that I used color
sahara granite gray and brown by
chocolate pads
I just apply the filmo liquid on
the support of bad so that the
small stones hold the most
easily equivalent to school and I
the wells have spoken one to one
all around
that's what it gives you for the
moment then there I take my mold with
the little fish feet you left me
pledge letter takes to any piece that
does the size of the mold I spread out of the
flat granite spices cuts had
the cookie cutter but the liquid fimo
I put the little stones
and I add small blades of grass
for more greenery
finally I check if everything is ok if all
go well still go up
things and then their name can pass
to cooking and just after to air and
worthy so there since my good he is not
very stable I decided to put us
specified that peeled when opens for
that there is a little more stable when
even I put a fish upside down
because we must not forget that suddenly
it will end upside down I
precise
I can not explain one of these
horrible
and for the ring stand it does not fit
standing up rage and stuck in a ball
of aluminum here we are at the age
yes and so here we are the final result
after drying
so for the mold I had a little
surprise when I place myself
realized that people that if we
had not been done
that's why finally it's not
serious so suddenly I added the
mokrane girl miz around to camouflage
the stupidity I made
here
and so here is the tutorial is over
I hope it reminded you
uchronies the zoo at all and I will
will give for a next video lease
Oh